in Gaza where more than 10,000
Palestinians have now been killed by
Israeli attacks but that large number
fails to capture the human cost mothers
and fathers daughters and sons entire
families wiped out teachers Medics bus
drivers and artists cornerstones of any
vibrant Society killed and mass the
Israeli air and ground assault on the
2.3 million people in the Gaza Strip
continues despite global voice including
the United Nations and world leaders
calling for an immediate ceasefire
around 32 medical centers in the strip
have now stopped operating those that
remain open are overwhelmed with
patients and are running out of fuel and
basic medical
Necessities I would like to confirm that
at the start of the second month of this
war the medical system in Gaza is
totally and comprehensively unable to
offer services in every part of the
medical system the medical system in
Gaza cannot save the lives of people
cannot treat the wounded because they
are being targeted directly by the
Israeli
occupation we suffer a lack of fuel and
medical supplies particularly in
Northern Gaza where bakeries have been
targeted this has led to a lack of food
facilities no bread no food supplies for
Citizens patients and Medical Teams
consequently Medical Teams in hospitals
in Northern Gaza are without food and
without the ability to save lives let's
get an update now on the situation in
the ground and speak to Tar Abu AUM who
in KH Unice in the southern part of the
Gaza Strip 10,000 people now killed tar
a GM Milestone as we've said after what
was a particularly um heavy bombardment
uh in the last 24 hours over Gaza bring
us up to speed with the situation on the
ground right
now
yes for 30 days of fighting between
Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
occupation forces Israel keeps bounding
the Gaza Strip with dozens of air
strikes uh on a daily bases targeting
different residential buildings and even
uh public infrastructures uh the Israeli
attacks on the recent hour had been
intensified targeting several areas
across the Gaza step starting from the
north of the Gaza Strip where the
Israeli air Fighters destroyed many
buildings in the vicinity of the uh the
Indonesian Hospital which has repeatedly
been attacked by the Israeli occupation
Air Forces also the attacked included
and continued in central areas of Gaza
Strip this time they have destroyed the
solar panels that are installed at the
rooftop of the shifa building in the
asifa hospital uh this is considered to
be a clear attack that destroyed uh the
solar panels that provides electricity
to the main Departments of the hospital
besides the main provisioning of
electricity by using minor generators
and this will exacerbate the current
situation in the shaat hospitals with
the ongoing crisis of fuel ran out in
this medical complex also will stop
providing services like providing water
and even electricity for thousands of
people who are residing in this uh
complex also the attack continued in the
middle governate of the Gaza Strip in Al
magazi refugee camp where they have
attacked several buildings there dozens
of Palestinians have been killed and
dozens others also have been wounded
also the southern areas which considered
to be safe from the Israel perspective
also have been targeted during the last
couple of hours this time the the attack
had been carried out in raah District
where a residential building has been
flattened over its inhabitants even the
southern areas which are considered to
be safe compared to the rest of the Gaza
trip have come under attack as you say t
uh attacks on refugee camps as well
hospitals the two main hospitals running
out of Supply unable to operate it would
seem as this is happening we've heard
that a number of wounded people have
arrived at the Rafa Crossing with Egypt
and are expected to cross the border
what can you tell us about what's
happening at that border and when do we
expect these people to
cross yes uh 30 Palestinian injured
people have been delivered to the uh RAF
Crossing in order to receive treatment
on the Egyptian hospitals uh those
people have are suffering from very
serious critical injuries that can no
longer be treated in Gaza hospital and
the surging number of injured people in
their territory we are talking about
more than uh 22,000 Palestinians have
been injured since the early beginning
of this fighting also with more than
10,000 others have been killed by the
occupation forces this number considered
to be very limited we are talking about
only hundreds of people have been
evacuated to the sou to the ra Crossing
Border in order to receive a treatment
in Egyptian hospitals since the
beginning of this war between
Palestinian Fighters and the occupation
forces and and hospitals are overwhelmed
with also uh patients and wounded people
and who also are required to uh to
conduct and even to to be subjected to
uh Advanced Surgery that are no longer
be afforded in the Gaza Strip due to the
ongoing lack of medical supplies and
even with a surging number of victims
and casualties as well thank you for
that update that's our correspondent tar
Abu AUM reporting there from can Yunis
in southern
Gaza well Israel strikes have
particularly been hard on Northern and
Central Gaza yal side sent us this
update about the situation in Gaza
City violent bombardments have pounded
different areas Gaza City and the north
as they continue in these hours violent
confrontations have also been taking
place the sound of bomb shelling air
strikes and exchange of gunfire has been
ongoing for many hours the latest
bombardments were in a shifa complex the
largest complex in Gaza City where the
solar panels on the roofs of a shifa
were targeted also Al building in a
shifa hospital was targeted dozens were
killed and dozens others were injured a
shifa complex has 100,000 displaced
families Sheltering in that hospital and
over 5,000 patients of the injury
of this war the Ministry of Health has
said that until now over 10,000 people
have been killed since the beginning of
this war on Gaza St now a ner Hospital
Children's Hospital and rentis uh cancer
Children's Hospital in Gaza City were
also targeted and dozens were killed and
injured in both targeting ber boxman has
also said that over 50 un schools and
more than 80 un staff have been killed
since the beginning of this war you Al
jazer Gaza City